where the rubber hits the road is when
things don't go as planned and you have
to figure it out most of the time it's
not what you thought it was going to be
it's those hard moments when you do want
to throw in the towel where you make the
decision to go forward and that is a
step toward your success
i think every leader goes through that
whether they're willing to say it or not
the startup journey is really tough and
you need grit to survive all the crazy
ups and downs things go well and things
go poorly and things go well and there's
been so many failures all along the way
but they always become inputs to the
right decisions
people think their happiness is around
the corner when they achieve a certain
outcome but if you do achieve that you
will just set a new goal for yourself
that's an even harder goal don't make
the mistake of working on something
you're not super passionate about when
you understand what your purpose is and
you understand what brings you joy
there is no finish line
what am i missing why are we not growing
faster the danger is i'm never satisfied
you get there and you realize like
there's so much more to go how do i keep
growing how do we get bigger and better
faster stronger
i want to do it all
i can't to do it all
right being an ally is not always like
marches and banners a lot of times it's
disagreeing and standing up for what you
believe in no matter what everyone else
says
that's hard it takes a lot of courage it
takes a lot of grit
the toughness about that journey was
just sticking to it
the most successful companies are the
ones that don't wait to see how the
market's going to change right the
world's changing fast and so if you're
not constantly thinking about the
nuances of the market you're serving and
how their needs are changing you're
going to be left behind
[Music]
you